[COMSUP-330] Remix guide (#1088)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: guides/applications/v7/sites_frameworks/getting_started/remix.md

## Example {/* example */}

<ExampleButtons
  title="Remix + Express"
  siteUrl="https://edgio-community-examples-v7-remix-live.edgio.link/"
  repoUrl="https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-v7-remix-example"
/>

{{ PREREQ.md }}

## Create a new Remix app {/* create-a-new-remix-app */}

If you don't already have a Remix app that uses an Express server, create one using a template by running the following:

```bash
npx create-remix@latest --template remix-run/remix/templates/express
```

In the root of your project, you can verify your app works by running it locally with:

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Configuring your Remix app for {{ PRODUCT }} {/* configuring-your-remix-app-for-edgio */}

### Configure Express Middleware {/* configure-express-middleware */}

{{ PRODUCT }} requires an Express server to run your Remix app. The following sections will help you configure your Express server. Refer to the [Remix Quick Start](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/start/quickstart#bring-your-own-server) guide for more information.

#### Install Express and Remix Adapter {/* install-express-and-remix-adapter */}

<Info>

> You may skip this step if you have already installed Express and the Remix adapter, or have created a new app as described under [Create a new Remix app](#create-a-new-remix-app).

Reviewer: This statement was a little confusing.

> You may skip this step if you have already installed Express and the Remix adapter, or have created a new app as described under [Create a new Remix app](#create-a-new-remix-app).

Author: ```suggestion
You may skip this step if your project is already configured for both Express and the Remix Express adapter, or if you have created a new app by following the instructions under [Create a new Remix app](#create-a-new-remix-app).
```

Author: @jsernaque let me know if this is more clear, or feel free to add a suggestion.

Reviewer: This statement indicates that you should skip this section if you already have Express and Remix Express adapter already installed or if you have created an app. It seems like this section is only applicable for existing Remix projects where either Express or the  Remix Express adapter has not been installed. I was able to piece this together by explicitly stating all of the cases where it does not apply. Perhaps explicitly stating it would have been clearer.

 I was also a little confused by seeing a section where you create a Remix app followed by a section where you install Express and the Remix adapter.

</Info>

> Install Express and the Remix adapter. You should also uninstall the default Remix server or any other server you are using:

Author: ```suggestion
Install Express and the Remix Express adapter. You should also uninstall the default Remix server or any other server you are using:
```
